,LM .5,ju,ll 5.5,CS N,hd,ll 5.5,rjSTYLOGRAPH OVERVIEW,,,PG,ft,ll 5.5,cePAGE ###,,,ce 2OVERVIEW OF THESTYLOGRAPH WORD PROCESSING SYSTEM     The STYLOGRAPH text processing system is a very easy to use but powerful method of creating and printing text.  It allows you to type text on a video terminal, modifying and correcting it as you go, and then print it out when the complete text is finished.  The STYLOGRAPH system is cursor oriented with dynamic screen formating [sic].  Cursor based editing means that you may work on any portion of the text by moving the cursor to that point.  Dynamic screen formatting means that the text is formatted on the screen in the same way it will appear on the printed copy.  The display is continuously updated to show you how the text will appear.  This is a very important feature and is normally available only on very expensive commercial word processing systems.  It significantly reduces the time that it takes to produce finished copy.  ﬂFﬂUﬂLﬂLﬂ ﬂFﬂEﬂAﬂTﬂUﬂRﬂEﬂDﬂ ﬂTﬂEﬂXﬂTﬂ ﬂEﬂDﬂIﬂTﬂIﬂNﬂG     There is a full array of commands to help in the creation and modification of the text.  The text displayed on the screen  may be moved up, down, left or right. Also, the cursor can be moved to any page or to any specified series of letters or words.  The cursor itself can be moved left, right, up, down, to any tab position, or to the extreme left or right.  Any block of text can be moved, copied or deleted.  You may also do a global replace so that all occurrences of a given string will be replaced with or without a "prompt" asking you if you wish the item replaced.ﬂOﬂPﬂEﬂRﬂAﬂTﬂOﬂRﬂ ﬂCﬂOﬂNﬂVﬂEﬂNﬂIﬂEﬂNﬂCﬂE     At the beginning of the text the operator normally types in a few simple commands indicating the line length, left margin, and so forth, and then enters the header and footer as they should appear.  After that point the operator need not worry about the formatting of the page since it is taken care of automattically [sic].  Words that extend beyond the end of the line are automatically removed and placed on the next line.  Headers and footers are also automatically inserted so that the operator always knows what portion of the page is being worked on.  Ghost hyphens can also be entered so that if the word falls at the end of a line, and a ghost hyphen has been inserted, the hyphen will automatically be added.ﬂFﬂLﬂEﬂXﬂIﬂBﬂLﬂEﬂ ﬂDﬂIﬂSﬂPﬂLﬂAﬂY     A command allows you to view the formatting commands or make them disappear from the screen.  Another command allows you to see which characters will be modified at printout by underlining, superscripting, boldface, and so forth.  A page status command allows you to see the current format values and other useful information.,nl 6ﬂCﬂOﬂMﬂPﬂLﬂEﬂTﬂEﬂ ﬂFﬂOﬂRﬂMﬂAﬂTﬂTﬂIﬂNﬂGﬂ ﬂCﬂOﬂNﬂTﬂRﬂOﬂL     The text or individual lines may be centered, left justified, right justified, or right and left justified.  Tabs can be set or cleared  at any point.  Spacing of the lines on the text is under complete operator control with end of page, spacing, and vertical tab commands.ﬂPﬂOﬂWﬂEﬂRﬂFﬂUﬂLﬂ ﬂPﬂRﬂIﬂNﬂTﬂIﬂNﬂGﬂ ﬂOﬂPﬂTﬂIﬂOﬂNﬂS     Underlining is supported on TTY type printers.  For those people who have specialty printers there are a variety of additional capabilities including:,CE 8,CS Coperator controllable pitch,VS E,cs N 1.5 line spacing≥B≥O≥L≥D≥F≥A≥C≥E,vs Nsuperscript¡1subscript·2ﬂuﬂnﬂdﬂeﬂrﬂlﬂiﬂnﬂeﬂ, µoµvµeµrµlµiµnµe,,vs E or ≈aµnÂy ¬cﬂo‚m»b»i∏n∏aËtËiËoËn,pl 64,vs NAlso, right and left justification of text is accomplished by incremental printing and true proportional spacing is supported on the specialty printers.≤O≤P≤E≤R≤A≤T≤I≤N≤G≤ ≤S≤Y≤S≤T≤E≤M≤ ﬂCﬂOﬂMﬂPﬂAﬂTﬂIﬂBﬂIﬂLﬂIﬂTﬂY     STYLOGRAPH is fully compatible with the powerful FLEX, UniFlex, and OS-9 disk operating systems.  BASIC and assembler programs prepared using STYLOGRAPH are directly useable by other software.  (This significantly aids software development since cursor based editing allows full viewing of the text being worked on thereby reducing errors and decreasing programming time.)  The size of the file being edited is limited only by the capacity of the disk system.  Files may be loaded into the text at any point making it possible to rapidly create "boiler plate" documents using portions of text that have been previously saved to a text file.  Also, to compliment this feature, any portion of a text may be saved to a text file for use at a later point.  The printer output may also be directed to a disk file for later print spooling.  Most disk operating system commands are directly accessible without leaving the STYLOGRAPH system.ﬂNﬂOﬂ ﬂOﬂBﬂSﬂOﬂLﬂEﬂSﬂCﬂEﬂNﬂCﬂE      STYLOGRAPH is guaranteed to be free of "bugs" for three months after the date of purchace [sic].  After that point new versions of STYLOGRAPH may be purchased for a modest update fee plus the price difference between the old and new versions.  This means that you will not have to pay full price for new versions as they appear.,nl 9ﬂCﬂOﬂMﬂPﬂLﬂEﬂTﬂEﬂ ﬂIﬂNﬂSﬂTﬂRﬂUﬂCﬂTﬂIﬂOﬂNﬂS     The manual is written so that people with little or no experience with computers can easily learn to use STYLOGRAPH in a few hours.  A text file is included which demonstrates most of the features of STYLOGRAPH and allows the operator to practice most of the functions.  The logical arrangement of the commands and the imediate [sic] display of the results greatly simplifies the learning process.  The manual also contains instructions for limited modification of STYLOGRAPH for special applications.